Vertical slabs may come to Minecraft.
Jeb was asked on Blue Sky about vertical
slabs and why they were denied for
inhibiting creativity, in which Jeb
replied, "I don't know why people say
inhibited [music]
creativity. That seems like some kind of
meme people love to repeat. Last time we
seriously discussed this topic, the team
argued against it because of UI/Ux
[music] and tech considerations." To
which someone responded that the reason
comes from minecraft.net net where
Mojang said vertical slabs inhibit
creativity. So vertical slabs don't
exist because of user interface and
experience. But I guess that means they
[music] could actually come one